# packages in environment at /ssd/opt/miniforge3/envs/dev:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
_sysroot_linux-64_curr_repodata_hack 3                   h69a702a_14    conda-forge
accessible-pygments       0.0.4                    pypi_0    pypi
affine                    2.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
aiofiles                  23.2.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
aiohttp                   3.9.5           py312h98912ed_0    conda-forge
aiosignal                 1.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
aiosqlite                 0.20.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
alabaster                 0.7.16             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
alsa-lib                  1.2.12               h4ab18f5_0    conda-forge
aniso8601                 9.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
annotated-types           0.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
anyascii                  0.3.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
anyio                     4.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
aom                       3.9.1                hac33072_0    conda-forge
app-model                 0.2.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
appdirs                   1.4.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
apptools                  5.1.0              pyh44b312d_0    conda-forge
argon2-cffi               23.1.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
argon2-cffi-bindings      21.2.0          py312h98912ed_4    conda-forge
arrow                     1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
asciitree                 0.3.3                      py_2    conda-forge
asgiref                   3.8.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
astroid                   3.2.2           py312h7900ff3_0    conda-forge
asttokens                 2.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
async-lru                 2.0.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
async-timeout             4.0.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
attr                      2.5.1                h166bdaf_1    conda-forge
attrs                     23.2.0             pyh71513ae_0    conda-forge
aws-c-auth                0.7.20               h5f1c8d9_0    conda-forge
aws-c-cal                 0.6.12               h2ba76a8_0    conda-forge
aws-c-common              0.9.17               h4ab18f5_0    conda-forge
aws-c-compression         0.2.18               h36a0aea_4    conda-forge
aws-c-event-stream        0.4.2               h161de36_10    conda-forge
aws-c-http                0.8.1               h63f54a0_13    conda-forge
aws-c-io                  0.14.8               h96d4d28_0    conda-forge
aws-c-mqtt                0.10.4               hcc7299c_2    conda-forge
aws-c-s3                  0.5.9                h10bd90f_0    conda-forge
aws-c-sdkutils            0.1.16               h36a0aea_0    conda-forge
aws-checksums             0.1.18               h36a0aea_4    conda-forge
aws-crt-cpp               0.26.8              h4f3a3cc_11    conda-forge
aws-sdk-cpp               1.11.267             h51dfee4_8    conda-forge
azure-core-cpp            1.11.1               h91d86a7_1    conda-forge
azure-storage-blobs-cpp   12.10.0              h00ab1b0_1    conda-forge
azure-storage-common-cpp  12.5.0               h94269e2_4    conda-forge
babel                     2.14.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
backcall                  0.2.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
backports                 1.0                pyhd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
backports.functools_lru_cache 2.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
backports.zoneinfo        0.2.1           py312h7900ff3_8    conda-forge
beautifulsoup4            4.12.3             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
binutils_impl_linux-64    2.40                 ha1999f0_7    conda-forge
black                     24.4.2          py312h7900ff3_0    conda-forge
bleach                    6.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
blinker                   1.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
blosc                     1.21.5               hc2324a3_1    conda-forge
bqplot                    0.12.43            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
branca                    0.7.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
brokenaxes                0.4.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
brotli                    1.1.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.1.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
brotli-python             1.1.0           py312h30efb56_1    conda-forge
brunsli                   0.1                  h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
bs4                       0.0.2                    pypi_0    pypi
bzip2                     1.0.8                hd590300_5    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.28.1               hd590300_0    conda-forge
c-blosc2                  2.14.4               hb4ffafa_1    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2024.6.2             hbcca054_0    conda-forge
cached-property           1.5.2                hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
cached_property           1.5.2              pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
cachelib                  0.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cachetools                5.3.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cachey                    0.2.1              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.18.0               h3faef2a_0    conda-forge
cattrs                    23.2.3                   pypi_0    pypi
certifi                   2024.6.2           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.16.0          py312hf06ca03_0    conda-forge
cfitsio                   4.4.0                hbdc6101_1    conda-forge
cftime                    1.6.4           py312h085067d_0    conda-forge
charls                    2.4.2                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.3.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
clang                     17.0.6                   pypi_0    pypi
clang-17                  17.0.6          default_h127d8a8_4    conda-forge
clang-18                  18.1.7          default_h9bb3924_0    conda-forge
click                     8.1.7           unix_pyh707e725_0    conda-forge
click-plugins             1.1.1                      py_0    conda-forge
cligj                     0.7.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
cloudpickle               3.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
color-operations          0.1.3           py312hc7c0aa3_0    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
colour                    0.1.5              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
comm                      0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
configobj                 5.0.8              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
contourpy                 1.2.1           py312h8572e83_0    conda-forge
curl                      8.8.0                he654da7_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.12.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cytoolz                   0.12.3          py312h98912ed_0    conda-forge
dask-core                 2024.6.0           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dav1d                     1.2.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
dbus                      1.13.6               h5008d03_3    conda-forge
dcw-gmt                   2.1.2                ha770c72_0    conda-forge
debugpy                   1.8.1           py312h30efb56_0    conda-forge
decorator                 5.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
defusedxml                0.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dill                      0.3.8              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
django                    5.0.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
docstring_parser          0.16               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
docutils                  0.19                     pypi_0    pypi
dodgy                     0.2.1                      py_0    conda-forge
double-conversion         3.3.0                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
eigen                     3.4.0                h00ab1b0_0    conda-forge
elfutils                  0.191                h924a536_0    conda-forge
entrypoints               0.4                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
envisage                  6.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
et_xmlfile                1.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
exceptiongroup            1.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
executing                 2.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
expat                     2.6.2                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
fapyc                     0.6.0                    pypi_0    pypi
fasteners                 0.17.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ffmpeg                    7.0.1           gpl_hb399a10_100    conda-forge
fftw                      3.3.10          nompi_hf1063bd_110    conda-forge
filelock                  3.15.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
fiona                     1.9.6           py312h66d9856_0    conda-forge
flake8                    5.0.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
flake8-polyfill           1.0.2                      py_0    conda-forge
flask                     3.0.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
flask-caching             2.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
flask-cors                4.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
flask-restx               1.3.0           py312h06a4308_0  
flexcache                 0.3                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
flexparser                0.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
fmt                       10.2.1               h00ab1b0_0    conda-forge
folium                    0.17.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 h77eed37_2    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.14.2               h14ed4e7_0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.53.0          py312h9a8786e_0    conda-forge
fqdn                      1.5.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               h267a509_2    conda-forge
freetype-py               2.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
freexl                    2.0.0                h743c826_0    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.10               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
frozenlist                1.4.1           py312h98912ed_0    conda-forge
fsspec                    2024.6.0           pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
furo                      2024.5.6           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
gdal                      3.8.4           py312h257dd4b_5    conda-forge
gdown                     5.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
geojson                   3.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
geopandas                 0.14.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
geopandas-base            0.14.4             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
geos                      3.12.1               h59595ed_0    conda-forge
geotiff                   1.7.1               h6b2125f_15    conda-forge
gettext                   0.22.5               h59595ed_2    conda-forge
gettext-tools             0.22.5               h59595ed_2    conda-forge
gflags                    2.2.2             he1b5a44_1004    conda-forge
ghostscript               10.03.1              h59595ed_0    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.2                hd590300_0    conda-forge
gitdb                     4.0.11             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
gitpython                 3.1.43             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
gl2ps                     1.4.2                h0708190_0    conda-forge
glew                      2.1.0                h9c3ff4c_2    conda-forge
glib                      2.80.2               hf974151_0    conda-forge
glib-tools                2.80.2               hb6ce0ca_0    conda-forge
glog                      0.7.1                hbabe93e_0    conda-forge
gmp                       6.3.0                h59595ed_1    conda-forge
gmt                       6.5.0                h6fe46e5_0    conda-forge
gnutls                    3.7.9                hb077bed_0    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            h59595ed_1003    conda-forge
gshhg-gmt                 2.3.7             ha770c72_1003    conda-forge
gst-plugins-base          1.24.4               h9ad1361_0    conda-forge
gstreamer                 1.24.4               haf2f30d_0    conda-forge
h11                       0.14.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
h2                        4.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
h5py                      3.11.0          nompi_py312hb7ab980_102    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  8.5.0                hfac3d4d_0    conda-forge
hdf4                      4.2.15               h2a13503_7    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.14.3          nompi_hdf9ad27_105    conda-forge
heapdict                  1.0.1                      py_0    conda-forge
hpack                     4.0.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
hsluv                     5.0.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
httpcore                  1.0.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
httpx                     0.27.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
humanize                  4.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
hyperframe                6.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
icu                       73.2                 h59595ed_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.7                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
imagecodecs               2024.6.1        py312h083dece_0    conda-forge
imageio                   2.34.1             pyh4b66e23_0    conda-forge
imagesize                 1.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        7.1.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
importlib-resources       6.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib_metadata        7.1.0                hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib_resources       6.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
in-n-out                  0.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
iniconfig                 2.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ipydatawidgets            4.3.2              pyhc268e32_0    conda-forge
ipyevents                 2.0.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ipyfilechooser            0.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ipykernel                 6.29.4             pyh3099207_0    conda-forge
ipyleaflet                0.19.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ipympl                    0.9.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ipysheet                  0.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ipython                   8.25.0             pyh707e725_0    conda-forge
ipython_genutils          0.2.0                      py_1    conda-forge
ipytree                   0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ipyvolume                 0.6.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ipyvue                    1.11.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ipyvuetify                1.9.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ipywebrtc                 0.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ipywidgets                8.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
isoduration               20.11.0            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
isort                     5.13.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
itsdangerous              2.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jedi                      0.19.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
joblib                    1.4.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
json-c                    0.17                 h7ab15ed_0    conda-forge
json5                     0.9.25             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jsoncpp                   1.9.5                h4bd325d_1    conda-forge
jsonpointer               3.0.0           py312h7900ff3_0    conda-forge
jsonschema                4.22.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jsonschema-specifications 2023.12.1          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jsonschema-with-format-nongpl 4.22.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter-lsp               2.2.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter-rfb               0.4.4                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-ui-poll           0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_client            7.4.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              5.7.2           py312h7900ff3_0    conda-forge
jupyter_events            0.10.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_leaflet           0.19.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_server            2.14.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_server_fileid     0.9.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_server_terminals  0.5.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab                4.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_pygments       0.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jupyterlab_server         2.27.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_widgets        3.0.11             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jxrlib                    1.1                  hd590300_3    conda-forge
kealib                    1.5.3                hee9dde6_1    conda-forge
kernel-headers_linux-64   4.18.0               he073ed8_2    conda-forge
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.5           py312h8572e83_1    conda-forge
krb5                      1.21.2               h659d440_0    conda-forge
lame                      3.100             h166bdaf_1003    conda-forge
large-image               1.29.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
large_image_source_rasterio 1.29.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
lazy_loader               0.4                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.16                 hb7c19ff_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.40                 hf3520f5_7    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libabseil                 20240116.2      cxx17_h59595ed_0    conda-forge
libaec                    1.1.3                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
libarchive                3.7.4                hfca40fe_0    conda-forge
libarrow                  16.1.0           hefa796f_1_cpu    conda-forge
libarrow-acero            16.1.0           hac33072_1_cpu    conda-forge
libarrow-dataset          16.1.0           hac33072_1_cpu    conda-forge
libarrow-flight           16.1.0           hef0f296_1_cpu    conda-forge
libarrow-flight-sql       16.1.0           h9241762_1_cpu    conda-forge
libarrow-gandiva          16.1.0           h35c4161_1_cpu    conda-forge
libarrow-substrait        16.1.0           h7e0c224_1_cpu    conda-forge
libasprintf               0.22.5               h661eb56_2    conda-forge
libasprintf-devel         0.22.5               h661eb56_2    conda-forge
libass                    0.17.1               h8fe9dca_1    conda-forge
libavif16                 1.0.4                hd2f8ffe_4    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           22_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libboost-headers          1.85.0               ha770c72_1    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.1.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.1.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.1.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
libcap                    2.69                 h0f662aa_0    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           22_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libclang                  18.1.7          default_h9bb3924_0    conda-forge
libclang-cpp15            15.0.7          default_h127d8a8_5    conda-forge
libclang-cpp17            17.0.6          default_h127d8a8_4    conda-forge
libclang-cpp18.1          18.1.7          default_h9bb3924_0    conda-forge
libclang13                18.1.7          default_h087397f_0    conda-forge
libcrc32c                 1.1.2                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libcups                   2.3.3                h4637d8d_4    conda-forge
libcurl                   8.8.0                hca28451_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.20                 hd590300_0    conda-forge
libdrm                    2.4.120              hd590300_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 hd590300_2    conda-forge
libevent                  2.1.12               hf998b51_1    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.6.2                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libflac                   1.4.3                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
libgcc-devel_linux-64     13.2.0             hdb50d1a_110    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 13.2.0              h77fa898_10    conda-forge
libgcrypt                 1.10.3               hd590300_0    conda-forge
libgdal                   3.8.4                h7c88fdf_5    conda-forge
libgettextpo              0.22.5               h59595ed_2    conda-forge
libgettextpo-devel        0.22.5               h59595ed_2    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            13.2.0              h69a702a_10    conda-forge
libgfortran5              13.2.0              h3d2ce59_10    conda-forge
libglib                   2.80.2               hf974151_0    conda-forge
libglu                    9.0.0             hac7e632_1003    conda-forge
libgomp                   13.2.0              h77fa898_10    conda-forge
libgoogle-cloud           2.23.0               h9be4e54_1    conda-forge
libgoogle-cloud-storage   2.23.0               hc7a4891_1    conda-forge
libgpg-error              1.49                 h4f305b6_0    conda-forge
libgrpc                   1.62.2               h15f2491_0    conda-forge
libhwloc                  2.10.0          default_h5622ce7_1001    conda-forge
libhwy                    1.1.0                h00ab1b0_0    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.17                 hd590300_2    conda-forge
libidn2                   2.3.7                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             3.0.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
libjxl                    0.10.2               hcae5a98_0    conda-forge
libkml                    1.3.0             h01aab08_1018    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           22_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libllvm14                 14.0.6               hcd5def8_4    conda-forge
libllvm15                 15.0.7               hb3ce162_4    conda-forge
libllvm16                 16.0.6               hb3ce162_3    conda-forge
libllvm17                 17.0.6               hb3ce162_1    conda-forge
libllvm18                 18.1.7               hb77312f_0    conda-forge
libmicrohttpd             1.0.1                h97afed2_0    conda-forge
libnetcdf                 4.9.2           nompi_h135f659_114    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.58.0               h47da74e_1    conda-forge
libnl                     3.9.0                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libnuma                   2.0.18               h4ab18f5_2    conda-forge
libogg                    1.3.4                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.27          pthreads_h413a1c8_0    conda-forge
libopenvino               2024.1.0             h2da1b83_7    conda-forge
libopenvino-auto-batch-plugin 2024.1.0             hb045406_7    conda-forge
libopenvino-auto-plugin   2024.1.0             hb045406_7    conda-forge
libopenvino-hetero-plugin 2024.1.0             h5c03a75_7    conda-forge
libopenvino-intel-cpu-plugin 2024.1.0             h2da1b83_7    conda-forge
libopenvino-intel-gpu-plugin 2024.1.0             h2da1b83_7    conda-forge
libopenvino-intel-npu-plugin 2024.1.0             he02047a_7    conda-forge
libopenvino-ir-frontend   2024.1.0             h5c03a75_7    conda-forge
libopenvino-onnx-frontend 2024.1.0             h07e8aee_7    conda-forge
libopenvino-paddle-frontend 2024.1.0             h07e8aee_7    conda-forge
libopenvino-pytorch-frontend 2024.1.0             he02047a_7    conda-forge
libopenvino-tensorflow-frontend 2024.1.0             h39126c6_7    conda-forge
libopenvino-tensorflow-lite-frontend 2024.1.0             he02047a_7    conda-forge
libopus                   1.3.1                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
libparquet                16.1.0           h6a7eafb_1_cpu    conda-forge
libpciaccess              0.18                 hd590300_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.43               h2797004_0    conda-forge
libpq                     16.3                 ha72fbe1_0    conda-forge
libprotobuf               4.25.3               h08a7969_0    conda-forge
libre2-11                 2023.09.01           h5a48ba9_2    conda-forge
librttopo                 1.1.0               h8917695_15    conda-forge
libsndfile                1.2.2                hc60ed4a_1    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               h36c2ea0_1    conda-forge
libspatialindex           2.0.0                he02047a_0    conda-forge
libspatialite             5.1.0                h7bd4643_4    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.46.0               hde9e2c9_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.11.0               h0841786_0    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              13.2.0              hc0a3c3a_10    conda-forge
libsystemd0               255                  h3516f8a_1    conda-forge
libtasn1                  4.19.0               h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libtheora                 1.1.1             h7f98852_1005    conda-forge
libthrift                 0.19.0               hb90f79a_1    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.6.0                h1dd3fc0_3    conda-forge
libunistring              0.9.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libutf8proc               2.8.0                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.38.1               h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libva                     2.21.0               h4ab18f5_2    conda-forge
libvorbis                 1.3.7                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libvpx                    1.14.1               hac33072_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.4.0                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.15                 h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libxcrypt                 4.4.36               hd590300_1    conda-forge
libxkbcommon              1.7.0                h662e7e4_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.12.7               hc051c1a_1    conda-forge
libzip                    1.10.1               h2629f0a_3    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.13               h4ab18f5_6    conda-forge
libzopfli                 1.0.3                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
llvm                      18.1.7               h39da44c_0    conda-forge
llvmlite                  0.43.0                   pypi_0    pypi
locket                    1.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
logilab-common            1.7.3                      py_0    conda-forge
loguru                    0.7.2           py312h7900ff3_1    conda-forge
lxml                      5.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
lz4-c                     1.9.4                hcb278e6_0    conda-forge
lzo                       2.10              hd590300_1001    conda-forge
magicgui                  0.8.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mapclassify               2.6.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
markdown                  3.6                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
markdown-it-py            3.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.1.5           py312h98912ed_0    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.8.4           py312h7900ff3_2    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.8.4           py312h20ab3a6_2    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mccabe                    0.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mdit-py-plugins           0.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mdurl                     0.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mesalib                   24.1.0               hfa94a56_0    conda-forge
meshio                    5.3.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
meson                     1.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
meson-python              0.16.0                   pypi_0    pypi
minizip                   4.0.6                h9d307f2_0    conda-forge
mistune                   3.0.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
more-itertools            10.3.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
morecantile               5.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mpg123                    1.32.6               h59595ed_0    conda-forge
msgpack-python            1.0.8           py312h2492b07_0    conda-forge
multidict                 6.0.5           py312h98912ed_0    conda-forge
munch                     4.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
mutagen                   1.47.0                   pypi_0    pypi
mypy                      1.10.0          py312h9a8786e_0    conda-forge
mypy_extensions           1.0.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
mysql-common              8.3.0                hf1915f5_4    conda-forge
mysql-libs                8.3.0                hca2cd23_4    conda-forge
myst-parser               3.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
napari-console            0.0.9              pyh9208f05_0    conda-forge
napari-plugin-engine      0.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
napari-svg                0.1.10             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbclassic                 1.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbclient                  0.6.8              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbconvert                 7.16.4               hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
nbconvert-core            7.16.4             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
nbconvert-pandoc          7.16.4               hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
nbformat                  5.10.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbmake                    1.5.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbsphinx                  0.9.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.5                  h59595ed_0    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
netcdf4                   1.6.5           nompi_py312h39d4375_102    conda-forge
nettle                    3.9.1                h7ab15ed_0    conda-forge
networkx                  3.3                pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
ninja                     1.11.1.1                 pypi_0    pypi
nlohmann_json             3.11.3               h59595ed_0    conda-forge
nomkl                     1.0                  h5ca1d4c_0    conda-forge
notebook                  6.5.7              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
notebook-shim             0.2.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
npe2                      0.7.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nspr                      4.35                 h27087fc_0    conda-forge
nss                       3.100                hca3bf56_0    conda-forge
numba                     0.60.0                   pypi_0    pypi
numcodecs                 0.12.1          py312h7070661_1    conda-forge
numexpr                   2.10.0          py312hf412c99_100    conda-forge
numpy                     2.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
numpydoc                  1.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
ocl-icd                   2.3.2                hd590300_1    conda-forge
ocl-icd-system            1.0.0                         1    conda-forge
openh264                  2.4.1                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.2                h488ebb8_0    conda-forge
openpyxl                  3.1.4           py312h98912ed_0    conda-forge
openssl                   3.3.1                h4ab18f5_0    conda-forge
orc                       2.0.0                h17fec99_1    conda-forge
overrides                 7.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
p11-kit                   0.24.1               hc5aa10d_0    conda-forge
packaging                 24.1               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
palettable                3.3.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandas                    2.2.2           py312h1d6d2e6_1    conda-forge
pandoc                    3.2                  ha770c72_0    conda-forge
pandocfilters             1.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
partd                     1.4.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pathspec                  0.12.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
patsy                     0.5.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pcre                      8.45                 h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.43                hcad00b1_0    conda-forge
pep8-naming               0.10.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                   py_1003    conda-forge
pillow                    10.3.0          py312hdcec9eb_0    conda-forge
pint                      0.24               pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
pip                       24.0               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.43.2               h59595ed_0    conda-forge
pkgutil-resolve-name      1.3.10             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
platformdirs              4.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
plotly                    5.22.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pluggy                    1.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ply                       3.11               pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
pooch                     1.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
poppler                   24.03.0              h590f24d_0    conda-forge
poppler-data              0.4.12               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
postgresql                16.3                 h8e811e2_0    conda-forge
proj                      9.3.1                h1d62c97_0    conda-forge
prometheus_client         0.20.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.43                   pypi_0    pypi
prompt_toolkit            3.0.47               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prospector                1.10.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pscript                   0.7.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
psutil                    5.9.8           py312h98912ed_0    conda-forge
psygnal                   0.11.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h36c2ea0_1001    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
pugixml                   1.14                 h59595ed_0    conda-forge
pulseaudio-client         17.0                 hb77b528_0    conda-forge
pure_eval                 0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
py-cpuinfo                9.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyarrow                   16.1.0          py312h8da182e_0    conda-forge
pyarrow-core              16.1.0          py312h5429d62_0_cpu    conda-forge
pybind11-mkdoc            2.6.2                    pypi_0    pypi
pybind11-stubgen          2.4.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pycodestyle               2.9.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyconify                  0.1.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.22               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pycrs                     1.0.2                      py_0    conda-forge
pycryptodomex             3.19.0                   pypi_0    pypi
pydantic                  2.7.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pydantic-compat           0.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pydantic-core             2.18.4          py312h4413252_0    conda-forge
pydata-sphinx-theme       0.15.2                   pypi_0    pypi
pydocstyle                6.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyface                    8.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyflakes                  2.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pygments                  2.18.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pygmt                     0.12.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pylint                    3.2.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pylint-celery             0.3                        py_1    conda-forge
pylint-django             2.5.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pylint-flask              0.6                        py_0    conda-forge
pylint-plugin-utils       0.7                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pymdown-extensions        10.8.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyopengl                  3.1.6              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pypi-command-line         1.7.1                    pypi_0    pypi
pyproj                    3.6.1           py312h38f1c37_5    conda-forge
pyproject-metadata        0.8.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pyproject_hooks           1.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyqt                      5.15.9          py312h949fe66_5    conda-forge
pyqt5-sip                 12.12.2         py312h30efb56_5    conda-forge
pyqtgraph                 0.13.7             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyshp                     2.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha2e5f31_6    conda-forge
pystac                    1.10.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pystac-client             0.8.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pytables                  3.9.2           py312h96d95ec_2    conda-forge
pytest                    8.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python                    3.12.3          hab00c5b_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-box                7.2.0           py312h9a8786e_0    conda-forge
python-build              1.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-fastjsonschema     2.20.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-json-logger        2.0.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-tzdata             2024.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.12                    4_cp312    conda-forge
pythreejs                 2.4.2              pyh1d7be83_0    conda-forge
pytz                      2024.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pywavelets                1.4.1           py312hc7c0aa3_1    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0.1           py312h98912ed_1    conda-forge
pyzmq                     26.0.3          py312h8fd38d8_0    conda-forge
qt-main                   5.15.8              hc9dc06e_21    conda-forge
qtconsole                 5.5.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
qtconsole-base            5.5.2              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
qtpy                      2.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
questionary               2.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
rapidfuzz                 3.6.1                    pypi_0    pypi
rasterio                  1.3.10                   pypi_0    pypi
rav1e                     0.6.6                he8a937b_2    conda-forge
rdma-core                 51.1                 he02047a_0    conda-forge
re2                       2023.09.01           h7f4b329_2    conda-forge
reacton                   1.8.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h8228510_1    conda-forge
readthedocs-sphinx-ext    2.2.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
referencing               0.35.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.32.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
requests-cache            1.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
requirements-detector     1.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rfc3339-validator         0.1.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rfc3986-validator         0.1.1              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
rich                      13.7.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rich-click                1.8.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rich-rst                  1.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
rio-tiler                 6.6.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rioxarray                 0.15.5             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rpds-py                   0.18.1          py312h4413252_0    conda-forge
rtree                     1.2.0           py312h3ed4c40_1    conda-forge
ruamel.yaml               0.18.6          py312h98912ed_0    conda-forge
ruamel.yaml.clib          0.2.8           py312h98912ed_0    conda-forge
s2n                       1.4.13               he19d79f_0    conda-forge
scikit-image              0.23.2          py312h266a736_0    conda-forge
scikit-learn              1.5.0           py312h1fcc3ea_1    conda-forge
scipy                     1.13.1          py312hc2bc53b_0    conda-forge
scooby                    0.10.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
seaborn                   0.13.2               hd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
seaborn-base              0.13.2             pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
semver                    3.0.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
send2trash                1.8.3              pyh0d859eb_0    conda-forge
server-thread             0.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
setoptconf-tmp            0.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
setuptools                70.0.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
shapely                   2.0.4           py312ha5b4d35_1    conda-forge
shellingham               1.5.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sip                       6.7.12          py312h30efb56_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
smmap                     5.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
snappy                    1.2.0                hdb0a2a9_1    conda-forge
sniffio                   1.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
snowballstemmer           2.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
snuggs                    1.4.7                      py_0    conda-forge
solara                    1.33.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
solara-server             1.33.0             pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
solara-ui                 1.33.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
soupsieve                 2.5                pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
spdlog                    1.13.0               hd2e6256_0    conda-forge
sphinx                    7.3.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sphinx-autoapi            3.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sphinx-basic-ng           1.0.0b2            pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
sphinx-book-theme         1.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
sphinx-design             0.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sphinx-hoverxref          1.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
sphinx-inline-tabs        2023.4.21          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-applehelp   1.0.8              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-devhelp     1.0.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-dotnetdomain 0.4                        py_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-golangdomain 0.2.0.dev0                 py_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp    2.0.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-jquery      4.1                      pypi_0    pypi
sphinxcontrib-jsmath      1.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-qthelp      1.0.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml 1.1.10             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.46.0               h6d4b2fc_0    conda-forge
sqlparse                  0.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
stack_data                0.6.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
starlette                 0.37.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
statsmodels               0.14.2          py312h085067d_0    conda-forge
superqt                   0.6.7              pyh9208f05_0    conda-forge
svt-av1                   2.1.0                hac33072_0    conda-forge
sysroot_linux-64          2.28                 he073ed8_2    conda-forge
tabulate                  0.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
tbb                       2021.12.0            h297d8ca_1    conda-forge
tbb-devel                 2021.12.0            h7c56ddd_1    conda-forge
tenacity                  8.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
terminado                 0.18.1             pyh0d859eb_0    conda-forge
thefuzz                   0.22.1                   pypi_0    pypi
threadpoolctl             3.5.0              pyhc1e730c_0    conda-forge
tifffile                  2024.5.22          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tiledb                    2.21.2               h27f064a_4    conda-forge
tinycss2                  1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.13          noxft_h4845f30_101    conda-forge
toml                      0.10.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tomli                     2.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tomli-w                   1.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tomlkit                   0.12.5             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
toolz                     0.12.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.4.1           py312h9a8786e_0    conda-forge
tqdm                      4.66.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.14.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
traits                    6.4.3           py312h98912ed_0    conda-forge
traitsui                  8.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
traittypes                0.2.1              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
trame                     3.6.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
trame-client              3.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
trame-components          2.3.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
trame-deckgl              2.0.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
trame-markdown            3.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
trame-matplotlib          2.0.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
trame-plotly              3.0.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
trame-rca                 0.4.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
trame-router              2.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
trame-server              3.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
trame-simput              2.4.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
trame-vega                2.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
trame-vtk                 2.8.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
trame-vuetify             2.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
trimesh                   4.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typer                     0.12.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typer-slim                0.12.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typer-slim-standard       0.12.3               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
types-python-dateutil     2.9.0.20240316     pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing-extensions         4.12.2               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.12.2             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
typing_utils              0.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tzcode                    2024a                h3f72095_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2024a                h0c530f3_0    conda-forge
ucx                       1.16.0               h209287a_5    conda-forge
ujson                     5.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
unidecode                 1.3.8              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
uri-template              1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
uriparser                 0.9.8                hac33072_0    conda-forge
url-normalize             1.4.3                    pypi_0    pypi
urllib3                   2.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
utfcpp                    4.0.5                ha770c72_0    conda-forge
utm                       0.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
uvicorn                   0.30.1          py312h7900ff3_0    conda-forge
vispy                     0.14.3          py312h8f5f5bd_0    conda-forge
vtk                       9.3.0           osmesa_py312h1234567_100    conda-forge
vtk-base                  9.3.0           osmesa_py312h1234567_100    conda-forge
vtk-io-ffmpeg             9.3.0           osmesa_py312h1234567_100    conda-forge
watchdog                  4.0.1           py312h7900ff3_0    conda-forge
watchfiles                0.22.0          py312h4413252_0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.13             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
webcolors                 24.6.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
webencodings              0.5.1              pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
websocket-client          1.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
websockets                12.0            py312h98912ed_0    conda-forge
werkzeug                  3.0.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.43.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
wheel-filename            1.4.1                    pypi_0    pypi
whitebox                  2.3.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
whiteboxgui               2.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
widgetsnbextension        4.0.11             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wrapt                     1.16.0          py312h98912ed_0    conda-forge
wslink                    2.0.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
x264                      1!164.3095           h166bdaf_2    conda-forge
x265                      3.5                  h924138e_3    conda-forge
xarray                    2024.6.0           pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
xcb-util                  0.4.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
xcb-util-image            0.4.0                h8ee46fc_1    conda-forge
xcb-util-keysyms          0.4.0                h8ee46fc_1    conda-forge
xcb-util-renderutil       0.3.9                hd590300_1    conda-forge
xcb-util-wm               0.4.1                h8ee46fc_1    conda-forge
xerces-c                  3.2.5                hac6953d_0    conda-forge
xkeyboard-config          2.42                 h4ab18f5_0    conda-forge
xorg-damageproto          1.2.1             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-fixesproto           5.0               h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-glproto              1.4.17            h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.1.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.4                h7391055_0    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.8.9                h8ee46fc_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.11               hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdamage           1.1.5                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h0b41bf4_2    conda-forge
xorg-libxfixes            5.0.3             h7f98852_1004    conda-forge
xorg-libxrandr            1.5.2                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.11               hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxt                1.3.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
xorg-randrproto           1.5.0             h7f98852_1001    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-util-macros          1.19.3               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h0b41bf4_1003    conda-forge
xorg-xf86vidmodeproto     2.3.1             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h7f98852_1007    conda-forge
xyzservices               2024.6.0           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
yarl                      1.9.4           py312h98912ed_0    conda-forge
yt-dlp                    2023.11.16               pypi_0    pypi
zarr                      2.18.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.5                h75354e8_4    conda-forge
zfp                       1.0.1                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
zipp                      3.19.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.13               h4ab18f5_6    conda-forge
zlib-ng                   2.0.7                h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.6                ha6fb4c9_0    conda-forge
